So, this video
is all about Polishing & Packaging our game! In this video,
we're going to point out that first impressions count. Think about those early
reviews. The reviewers want to get their hands on your game, and if it's full of bugs, that's going to live
with your game, and they very rarely revise their review. So, don't ship a half-
baked product, even if it's digital. There's no excuse to make it half-baked. OK,
if it's pre-released to have certain glitches and idiosyncrasies
in there, but really you're better off restricting the scope of the game and doing what you do
well, because it sets the precedent for moving forward. Think about this course, I hope I'm
doing it well, but it's certainly not complete. Check through your
code (polish), that's the polish code. Check through it, we've got a checklist on the next slide, and then,
finally ship to your customers. That's packaging it and sending it away.
So really, I just want you to do that, I want you to polish your game! Go through your code, comment with why
you're doing things. Remove any obvious comments, if it's clear what the code does,
remove the comment. Introduce your classes with block comments, remember that's
forward-slash, star to start the comment, and then, star, forward-slash to finish
commenting. Give a descent introduction to each of your files and your
classes and your header files, all of your files. Use #pragma once
at the top of each file. Make sure that's in there, that #pragma once. Unreal uses that
a lot, and we make sure we don't double import files. Delete
or deal with any TODO items, and capture
any future ideas and improvements. You can even do that right in the code.
OK, so go ahead, pause the video, and just make sure that you are comfortable with your game and your code
and go and give it a polish right now.
Welcome back! So, I'm going to talk you through the changes I make to my code. So, starting in main.cpp,
this is what I mean, by the way, by a block quote, and I think that
this is still perfectly appropriate. What I haven't got is a #pragma once,
so I'm going to do that at the top. Make sure my #includes
are necessary. I need an <iostream>, I need to talk out to the user and get input, I need <string> I'm
dealing with strings, and I need to import my game class. That's all fine! Now, this substitution,
I think that's worth commenting. "// to make syntax
Unreal friendly".
OK, that's why we're doing it! It's a why, it's a good comment! OK, so we're prototyping.
And why are we prototyping? Do we need to say why?
It's on the borderline, if you know C++ you don't really need it, but while you're thinking about it,
"// function prototypes as outside
a class". So, because we're not in a class here, we don't have a header file
for the methods below. I think that's worth putting. Instantiate a
new game. I think "which we re-use
across plays". That's quite an important point, why
we're creating a new game each time. The entry point for the application, this all looks
OK. "// exit the application". I'm quite happy with that!
Introduce the game, that's pretty clear. Print
Intro(). I don't even think we need that comment. I think that's one of those redundant
comments, so we could tighten that up a little bit.
voide PlayGame(), yes, I think
that is fine! I think we need to say a little bit more about what
PlayGame() does. "// plays a single
game to completion" or something like that,
that would help us, when we come back later. OK, so we're looking
for any other things, in here, that need removing. "// get a guess from
the player" I think this stuff is all fine.
[Says to Himself] AskToPlayAgain(), print a summary. No, I think that's fine! It's also a good
tip, by the way, to leave a blank line at the bottom, because things like the GCC
Compiler prefer that. So, that's a handy thing! Now, while I'm here, let's go straight in before
we go anywhere else and look at the tasks to do. Right function for lowercase. We
don't need that, so that's all my TODO's cleared! Let's go back to the challenge slide
and see what else! Comment with why, we're doing that! Introduce our classes with block comments.
#pragma once .OK good! So, onto the next file!
#pragma once we already have, but what we don't have is a block introduction. What is this
all about? So, we can either put it here or we can put it
in the implementation file. I think it would make sense, while we're at the top level, to put it here in the
header file. So, /star*The header file
game logic (no
view code or
direct user interaction)
The game
is a simple guess the word
game based on Mastermind/* or something like
that, alright. So, that gives you a block comment, at the top, to say what it does.
Again, we have a look down. Why are we doing this? I think it's
probably worth using the same comment again, right there, that this is
to make the syntax Unreal friendly. That could be very confusing when you look at
it again, in the future. "// values initialized to zero is a redundant comment",
we can see that they're initialized to zero. But why are we
making a BullCowCount? "// used to.... Well, I think
it's actually pretty obvious, so I won't comment that. EGuessStatus,
don't think I need to comment that either. class FBullCowGame, that's all fine. I'm
leaving constructor in there, because I think that's a useful comment. "// TODO make a more rich
return value." We're actually not going to bother to make
Reset() do any checks, before it does its reset, but what I am going to do is, in the
implementation of Reset(), I am going to just
say that, right here against the hidden word, "// this
must be an isogram". It's really important
that the hidden word is an isogram, otherwise the game is very hard to play. But once I've
made that comment in line there, I think I can remove this and reduce the scope of
the project a little tiny bit for simplicity. So, I'm posting
to the constructor down here. I think it's useful because they go, well, what are the initial values of these things?
Well, you go over to the constructor and you find
the constructor here, "default constructor", and then, you look
down at Reset() and then you see your initial values. OK, so this class,
this file rather, we don't necessarily need the block comment at the top. I think it
is worth saying again, to make it more Unreal friendly. I think that's still in my paste buffer.
That's great! Actually, to be honest,
both of these things are for that, so I think I'll put them like
this. So, I'm just trying to keep it close enough to <map> that we can see what's going on,
<map> map, but also group these two together. These type of style things matter, when
you're reading the code. Be a little bit more consistent, I'm going to be a little bit more
consistent here with my bracketing format.
This must be an isogram. A little bit too much spacing, I would say there. CheckGuess
Validity(). I think this is all just fine! By the way, here this is very close
to being able to being expressed as... Not this one! I'm sorry, the swtich
statement, back in the main, is very close to being able to be expressed as
a map itself, if you think about it, but I haven't bothered because of the difficulties
with literal strings, for the moment. OK, so back to the .cpp file!
And I think the rest of it is looking pretty good!
Just diving back up to the top of the FBullCowGame.cpp.
Let's just do a #pragma. Whoops, if I can type
straight. #pragma once.
OK great!
So, that's the idea! You're going through, you're removing redundant comments,
you are getting rid of all your TODO's, and you're just making very
sure that, at this stage you are happy with your code. So, what I want you to do,
at this stage, is to close your project and then package it up and
share it in the discussions, the best way you can. So literally,
just close it all, go and find where it is stored. In my case, it's
UnrealCourse, Section_02, and then, I have BullCowGame, and I have all this stuff
here. You don't need the Debug folder, but if you share with people, either just
your three raw files or your whole Visual Studio project,
probably just your three raw files, and let the other students import these
and make them run. Zip them up, somehow. You can
do that with a compressed folder like this in Windows, and use DropBox,
YouSendIt, or GoogleDrive or something to make those available to other
students. Please don't share a .exe or a Mac .app file, because they're just
too dangerous, your virus scanners will go crazy, and it's just not very clever. But
share the source code with other users, and if you see another user's source code, go to the effort of actually
running it, helping each other to share it in such a way that it can run,
and then, giving each other feedback on your games. So, well done on
getting to the end of this project! It's been a lot of fun working with you on it, and I look forward to seeing you in the next section!